The other thing that I will just
pull up here real quick is I've
done my best to create something that
I think is representative of the kind
of development that you would want to
gravitate towards in the real world.
At the same time, it's small enough and
comprehensible enough that we can talk and
talk about it, touch it,
feel it, run it, break it,
fix it, break it again,
all in the course of a single day.
And so I would encourage you to first and
foremost, just clone the Repo and
just make sure that
everything is in order, and
you can do this by running NPM run wizard.
Let me show you what
the wizard actually is and
how we're going to be using it today.
And this will set the stage for us to
start talking about domain driven design.
But what we have here is a tool
that if I go into my IDE here and
let me just pick something out.
Let's go to, we'll do challenges data.
And I'm just gonna navigate
over to the service here,
and I'm just going to copy this and
I'm going back to the wizard.
And, I'm going to paste this in.
So, now that I have this in,
then can anybody tell me,
what's the primary domain model or
entity that we're working with
in this particular service?
It's a service for.
>> Challenges.
>> Challenges, yes or
specifically a challenge singular.
So I'm going to put my base keyword
in here, and I'm going to hit Enter.
And what it's going to do is it's
going to run through the template and
look for that particular entity and
replace it with a string lid.
I have a workshop on rapid
application development.
I talk about kind of the engines
that drive this, but
being able to identify
an entity on a base keyword.
Change that into a string literal.
What that allows us to do
is then feed additional
domain models into it,
and pick it up and use it.